Specify signature encoding based on group Element and Scalar serialization (#85)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-frost: draft-irtf-cfrg-frost.md

nonces corresponding to their commitment issued in round one.

The Coordinator begins by sending each signer the message to be signed along with the
set of signing commitments for other signers in the participant list. Each signer
MUST validate the inputs before processing the Coordinator's request. In particular,

> the Signer MUST validate commitment_list, deserializing each group Element in the

Reviewer: This is renamed now right?

```suggestion
the Signer MUST validate group_binding_factor_input, deserializing each group Element in the
```

> the Signer MUST validate commitment_list, deserializing each group Element in the

Reviewer: Should we say all commitments in general?

Each signer then sends these shares back to the collector; see
{{encode-sig-share}} for encoding recommendations.

> Upon reciept from each Signer, the Coordinator MUST validate the input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon receipt from each Signer, the Coordinator MUST validate the input
```

Author: Thanks!
